So just a short lecture
on default encryption versus bucket policies.
So by default
now all buckets are having a default encryption of SSE-S3.
So it's applied automatically
to new objects toward the new buckets.
But you can change this
to be a different default encryption, for example, SSE-KMS.
Nonetheless, you can also force encryption
by using a bucket policy to refuse any API call
to put an S3 object without the correct encryption headers.
So for example, SSC-KMS or SSE-C.
So this is the kind of bucket policies
you could have in, for example,
this one is saying, hey, if you do a PUT object
but you don't have the encryption header that says AWS KMS,
then deny this request.
Or, hey, if you are uploading this
but there is no customer side algorithm, so no SSE-C,
then deny this object.
So this is just an example,
but at least you see that a bucket policy
can also force a way to have encryption in your buckets.
And by the way, bucket policies are always going
to be evaluated before your default encryption settings.
So that's it, just remember, default encryption
is on by default with SSC-S3 but you can change it
and you can apply a bucket policy preemptively
to force encryption to the one you want.
Alright, that's it.
I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.